---
uid: Connector_help_Blankom_B-Nova
---

# Blankom B-Nova

The Blankom B-Nova is a fully integrated headend platform DXP for Cable TV and IPTV networks.

This connector polls general information and information related to the interfaces.

The alarms are integrated using the *heCommonAlarmEvent* SNMP traps generated by the device.

## About

### Version Info

|Range  |Features  |Based on  |System Impact  |
|---------|---------|---------|---------|
|1.0.0.x [SLC Main]     |Initial version         |-         |-         |

### Product Info

|Range  |Supported Firmware  |
|---------|---------|
|1.0.0.x     |2.9.2.r1.588         |

### System Info

|Range  |DCF Integration  |Cassandra Compliant  |Linked Components  |Exported Components   |
|---------|---------|---------|---------|---------|
|1.0.0.x    |No       |Yes         |-         |-   |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### SNMP Connection

This connector uses a Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SNMP CONNECTION:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device, e.g. *10.11.12.13.*

SNMP Settings:

- **Port number**: The port of the connected device, by default *161.*
- **Get community string**: The community string used when reading values from the device. (default: *public*)
- **Set community string**: The community string used when setting values on the device. (default: *private*)

### Web Interface

The web interface is only accessible when the client machine has network access to the product.

## Usage

### General Information

This page displays general information about the device:

- **Device Name** (can be edited)
- **Hardware Serial Number**
- **Hardware Type**
- **Hardware Version**
- **Software Version**
- **Up Time**
- **Cumulative Uptime**
- **Redundany Status**
- **General Status**
- **Development Mode** (when it is enabled, you can see Status Codes page for debugging Traps and Alarming descriptions)

### Interfaces

This page displays detailed information about the available interfaces.You can also set the rate calculation method for Interface table.

- The **Interfaces Table** displays information such as the interface alias, type, MTU, speed, in bit rate, out bit rate, physical address, status, etc.
- The **Signal Physical Table** displays various signal quality information per module interface (SNR, error counts, bit error rates, Viterbi bit error rates).
- The **Transfer Table** provides information on data transfer per module.
- The **Pro Mpeg Fec Table** provides information about media stream packets that are received, corrected, duplicated, reordered, etc.

Two subpages are available.

On the first subpage "Display Key Settings" you can create custom display keys for the Interfaces Table and the Signal Physical Table. You can select how the display key will be formed. Note that changing the display key can result in loss of trend data.

On the second subpage "Raw Tables" you can see three tables. They contain raw values about interfaces that are retireved from the device.

### Traps and Alarming

The **Current Alarm Table** on this page contains all alarms active on the device. The active alarms and the **Current Alarm State** can be monitored (with an alarm template) and you can use the **Alarm Description** as a filter in the alarm template. In this same connector range, you can also select the display column format for service alarms in the **Service Alarms Description Format** drop-down list.

With the exception of a **Coldstart** alarm, alarms will be cleared automatically from the table. You can also manually remove an alarm from the table with the **Remove** button.

Beside that, this page displays notification data about the alarm severity, module that caused the alarm, description, reason and notification param table.

A subpage is available with settings for the automatic cleanup process for the **Current Alarm Table**. You can select a **maximum number** of alarms and/or a **maximum number of days** to keep them in the table.

### Log

This page displays the **Trap Log Table**, which contains a list of alarms that have been logged.

### Status Codes

This page is not displayed by default. You can enable it by turning on the development mode on **General Information** page. This page is used for debugging and it displays information about alarm status codes for device, module, interface, transport stream, etc.
