---
uid: Connector_help_CISCO_IMC
---

# CISCO IMC

The Cisco Integrated Management Controller (IMC) is a baseboard management controller that provides embedded server management for Cisco UCS® C-Series Rack Servers and Cisco UCS S-Series Storage Servers.
The Cisco IMC enables system management in the data center and across distributed branch-office locations.

## About

### Version Info

**This subsection can only be omitted for an exported connector**


|Range  |Features  |Based on  |System Impact  |
|---------|---------|---------|---------|
|1.0.0.x [SLC Main]     |<ul><li>Initial Version</li></ul>         |-         |-         |

### Product Info


|Range  |Supported Firmware  |
|---------|---------|
|1.0.0.x     |CISCO UCSC Rack Server        |

### System Info


|Range  |DCF Integration  |Cassandra Compliant  |Linked Components  |Exported Components   |
|---------|---------|---------|---------|---------|
|1.0.0.x    |No       |Yes         |-         |   |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### HTTP Connection

This connector uses an HTTP connection and requires the following input during element creation:

HTTP CONNECTION:

  - **IP address/host**: [The polling IP or URL of the destination.]
  - **IP port**: [The IP port of the destination. (default: *443*)]
  - **Device address**: [The bus address of the device. If the proxy server has to be bypassed, specify *BypassProxy*.]


### Initialization

This connector needs a valid Session ID to be able to communicate with the device API.
A Session ID can be generated by filling in the Credentials on the General Page.

### Redundancy

There is no redundancy defined.


## How to use

On the **General** page of this connector, you can configure the username and password to access the device.*

The **Chassis** page will provide an overview of all Chassis related parameters.

The **Networks** page provides an overview of the configured network and DHCP settings.

The **System** page provides an overview of the system status and processor information.

The **Thermal** page provides an overview of physical device temperatures and Fans status.

The **Power** page provides an overview of the power supplies information and status.

The **Log Services** page contains a collection of SEL, CIMC and Fault logs