---
uid: Connector_help_DEV_1985
---

# DEV 1985

This connector can be used to monitor and control DEV 1985 L-Band distributing matrix.

## About

### Version Info

| **Range** | **Key Features** | **Based on** | **System Impact** |
|-----------|------------------|--------------|-------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | Initial version  | \-           | \-                |

### Product Info

| Range     | Supported Firmware     |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | 32-0083l Z.01           |

### System Info

| Range     | DCF Integration     | Cassandra Compliant     | Linked Components     | Exported Components     |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     | \-                    | \-                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### SNMP Connection

This connector uses a Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SNMP CONNECTION:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device.

SNMP Settings:

- **Port Number:** The port of the connected device (default: *161).*
- **Get community string**: The community string used when reading values from the device (default: *public*).
- **Set community string**: The community string used when setting values on the device (default: *private*).

### Web Interface

The web interface is only accessible when the client machine has network access to the product.

## How to Use

### General

This page displays general information about the device, including its MAC Address, firmware, device type, number of ports, and number of inputs and outputs in the matrix. 
It also allows you to set the control mode of the device (*Local* or *Remote*) and Simultaneous mode.
**IMPORTANT** - to be able to set values from the element **Control Mode** need to be set to **Remote**

### Matrix

This page contains a Matrix control showing the signal flow in the device.
In the bottom right corner there is a page button **Crospoints** which shows the user raw table with the connections between the inputs and the outputs in the matrix.

### Port

On this page **Port** table is displayed it contains all the information about all the input and the outputs, where the user is able to cofigure the respected input and outputs information.

### Alarm

THis page contains the following information: **Number of Errors**, **Error Description**, **Trap Enable Mask**, **Error Enable Mask** and **Error Log** table.
User is able to enable the Trap and Error Mask from this page. As well as have the overview of all the **Errors** in the table, with it's correspoinding data.

### Environment

This page provides user information about **Power Supplies** and **Fans**, number of each of the devices and their respective statuses.
