---
uid: Connector_help_DEV_1986
---

# DEV 1986

This connector can be used to monitor and control the DEV 1986 L-Band Distributing Matrix ARCHIMEDES.

## About

### Version Info

| Range   | Key Features     | Based on | System Impact |
|---------|------------------|----------|---------------|
| 1.0.0.x | Initial version. | -        | -             |

### Product Info

| Range     | Supported Firmware     |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | E.01          |

### System Info

| Range     | DCF Integration     | Cassandra Compliant     | Linked Components    | Exported Components    |
|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------|----------------------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | No                  | Yes                     | -                    | -                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### SNMP Connection

This connector uses a Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) connection and requires the following input during element creation:

SNMP CONNECTION:

- **IP address/host**: The polling IP of the device.

SNMP Settings:

- **Port Number:** The port of the connected device (default: *161*).
- **Get community string**: The community string used when reading values from the device (default: *public*).
- **Set community string**: The community string used when setting values on the device (default: *private*).

### Web Interface

The web interface is only accessible when the client machine has network access to the product.

## How to Use

### General

This page displays general information about the device, including its MAC address, firmware, device type, and number of ports, and the number of inputs and outputs in the matrix.

It also allows you to set the control mode of the device (*Local* or *Remote*) and the simultaneous mode.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> To be able to set values from the element, **Control Mode** must be set to *Remote*.

### Matrix

This page contains a matrix control showing the signal flow in the device.

In the lower right corner, the **Crosspoints** page button can be used to access the raw table with the connections between the inputs and the outputs in the matrix.

### Port

On this page, the **Port** table is displayed. It contains all the information about the inputs and outputs. You can also configure the input and output information here.

### Alarm

On this page, you can see the **Number of Errors**, **Error Description**, **Trap Enable Mask**, **Error Enable Mask**, and **Error Log** table.

You can also enable the trap and error mask here.

In the **Errors** table, you will find an overview of all errors with the corresponding data.

### Environment

This page provides information about **Power Supplies** and **Fans**, including the number of each of the devices and their status.
