---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform_-_7712UCHD
---

# Evertz 7x00 General Platform - 7712UCHD

## About

The **7712UCHD** (7712UDX-AES8-HD) card is a broadcast-quality up-/down-/cross-converter that converts between common SD/SMPTE ST 259 and HD/SMPTE ST 292-1 video signals. With its dual scaler and dual output architecture, the 7712UDXD series simultaneously generates two different HD/SD outputs with independent phasing. "-3G" versions add support for common 3G/SMPTE ST 424 video signals.

An **SNMP** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. There are different possibilities for **alarming monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by connector **Evertz 7x00 General Platform**.

## Configuration

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## How to Use

### Video General

This page contains general information about the video part. It consists of the following main sections: **Video Control**, **Video Monitor**, **Thumbnail Control**, and **Deinterlacer Monitor**.

### Audio General

This page contains general information about the audio part, including **Audio Control** and **Audio Monitor** parameters and tables.

### Audio AC3

This page contains all the table about Dolby AC3: **Dialnorm Adjust**, **Encoding**, etc.

### Audio Dolby

This page contains information about the **Metadata Control**, **Decoder**, **Encoder**, etc.

### Audio Intelligain

This page contains information about the Intelli Gain: **Program Control**, **Channel Control**, etc.

### Audio ANC

This page contains the **ANC Pass Control Table** and **VANC Bypass Line Control Table.**
