---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform_-_7700ACO2HD
---

# Evertz 7x00 General Platform - 7700ACO2HD

## About

The **Evertz 7700ACO2HD** card is the industry's leading smart automatic changeover (ACO) for high definition 1.5 Gb/s or standard definition 270 Mb/s serial digital video signals.

This device provides:

- Dual processing paths on a single module.
- Smart HD/SD-SDI automatic protection switching of both paths.
- Video and audio proc amp control.
- Built-in trouble slide per ACO.
- Optional IntelliGain audio loudness processing with dynamic audio range control.

An **SNMP** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. There are also different possibilities available for **alarm monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Evertz 7x00 General Platform.**

## Configuration

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## How to Use

The DVE consists of the following data pages:

- **General**: Contains the **Detected Gen Standard**, **Fpga Build Number**, etc. There is also a **Reset** button available.
- **Video**:Contains information about the video: **Input Standards**, **Video Control Table**, and **Video Processing Table**, etc.
- **Audio**: Contains the **Audio Control Table** and the **Audio Embedder Control Table**.
- **IntelliAnalyzer**: Contains the **Intelli Gain Config Table**, **Intelli Analyzer Channel Config Table**, and **Intelli Analyzer Config Table**.
- **Alarms**: Contains information regarding alarms: **Misc Fault Table** and the **IntelliAnalyzer Alarms Table**.
