---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform_Group_2_-_7881DEC2MP2HD
---

# Evertz 7x00 General Platform Group 2 - 7881DEC2MP2HD

## About

The 7881DEC2MP2HD card is a high-quality SD/HD MPEG2 decoder card. It is typically used for monitoring applications or decoding for downstream baseband video and audio processing. It can reconstruct all VANC and HANC data in the HD/SDI output and can be coupled with an Evertz RF frontend (7780DM2-LB DVB-S2 demodulator) and Evertz downstream video and audio processing equipment to create a complete versatile integrated receiver/decoder.

An **SNMP** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. Different possibilities for **alarm monitoring** and **trending** are available.

This connector is automatically generated by the parent connector [Evertz 7x00 General Platform Group 2](xref:Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform_Group_2).

## Configuration

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## How to Use

### General

This page contains general information: **Card Type**, **Video Present**, and **Video Bitrate**.

### PID

This page displays the **Program Tuning Mode**, as well as **Auto**, **Manual**, and **Table PID** parameters.

### Decoder

This page contains information about the decoder: **Number of Video Streams**, **Video Locking**, **Number of Audio Streams**, etc.

### Genlock

This page contains the **Genlock Status** and all the **horizontal/vertical phase parameters**.

### Audio De-Embedder

This page contains the **SDI Output Audio Control Table**.

### Output

This page contains parameters related to the output: **Output Video Mode**, **Levels**, etc.

### Alarms

This page contains information about the alarms: **Video Present**, **Audio X Service Missing**, etc.

### Decode Alarms

This page contains **SDI Output, TS Output, Audio, Genlock**, and **ASI Alarms**.
