---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform_-_7881DEC2MPHD
---

# Evertz 7x00 General Platform - 7881DEC2MP2HD

## About

The **7881DEC2MP2HD** card is a high-quality SD/HD MPEG2 decoder card. It offers high-end SD and HD MPEG-2 decoding of encoded streams. It is perfect for monitoring applications or decoding for downstream baseband video and audio processing. It can reconstruct in the most flexible way all VANC and HANC data in the HD/SDI output and can be coupled with Evertz RF frontend (7780DM2-LB DVB-S2 demodulator) and Evertz downstream video and audio processing equipment to create a complete versatile integrated receiver/decoder.

An **SNMP** connection is used in order to successfully retrieve and configure the device's information. There are different possibilities for **alarming monitoring** and **trending**.

This connector is automatically generated by connector **Evertz 7x00 General Platform**.

## Configuration

This connector is used by DVEs that are automatically created by the parent element. No user input is required.

## How to Use

### General

This page contains general information: **Card Type**, **Video Present**, and **Video Bitrate**.

### PID

This page contains the **Program Tuning Mode** as well as 3 groups, **Auto**, **Manual**, and **Table PID**, each grouping everything related to this group.

### Decoder

This page contains information about the decoder: **Number of Video Streams**, **Video Locking**, **Number of Audio Streams**, etc.

### Genlock

This page contains the **Genlock Status** and all the **Horizontal/Vertical Phase Parameters**.

### Audio De-Embedder

This page contains the **SDI Output Audio Control Table**.

### Output

This page contains everything related to the output: **Output Video Mode**, **Levels**, etc.

### Alarms

This page contains the alarms: **Video Present**, **Audio X Service Missing**, etc.
