---
uid: Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform_-_7825CCE3G
---

# Evertz 7x00 General Platform - 7825CCE3G

## About

The Evertz 7825CCE3G is a professional high-quality 3G/HD/SD-SDI DTV Closed Caption Encoder platform. It offers dual and simultaneous CC encoding path support for 3G/HD/SD-SDI video signals.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector [Evertz 7x00 General Platform](xref:Connector_help_Evertz_7x00_General_Platform).

## Configuration

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## How to Use

### General

This page contains general information: Card Status, Frame Slot, Description of Device, Device Contact, and Location. You can also find the main information control of the device, including **Video/Broadcast Control** and **Faults**.

### Product Features

This page contains information about supported **Features** and the **License**.

### CC Setup

This page contains the **CC Setup** control and **Test Features**.

### Upstream CC

This page contains the **Upstream Caption Source** and **Block PVR Data** Control. Here 4 tables, **Upstream CC Control, Upstream 708 Svc Control, Stream Usage Monitor Table**, and **Stream Monitor Table** are displayed.

### CF

This page contains file capture information and controls. This includes the **Capture CC Data** control, as well as the **CF File Capture, CF CEA 608**, and **CF File Status** tables.

### CDP Setup

This page contains the **CDP Embed** control. The **CDP Services table** is also displayed on this page.

### AFD Setup

This page contains the **AFD Embed** control. The **Reserved Data Word Override, GPI AFD**, and **AFD Code Swap** tables are displayed here.

### Translator

This page contains the **Translator** control as well as the **Translator CC to 708** table.

### Comm Ports

This page contains the **Port mode** control and **Telnet** login information and control. The **Port Control Table** is displayed on this page.

### GPI/O

This page contains tables for **GPI** and **GPO** information.

### OSD

This page contains **OSD Mode** selection, **Decode** control, and **Text Configuration** controls.

### Time Setup

This page contains **Time Configuration** and control parameters. The **Time Display Table** is also found on this page along with the **Jam RTC Momentary** button.

### Telnet Setup

This page contains all **Telnet configuration** parameters along with **Client Connect** and **Disconnect** controls. It also displays the **Telnet TCP Port Table**.
