---
uid: Connector_marketing_Generic_RabbitMQ_Producer
---

# Generic RabbitMQ Producer

## About

The Generic RabbitMQ Producer connector facilitates sending files from a specified directory to a RabbitMQ queue. It simplifies file-based integration with RabbitMQ for message queuing.

## Key Features

-   **File-based message queuing**: Enables sending files as messages to a RabbitMQ queue.
    
-   **Message publishing**: Publishes the content of files as messages to the configured queue.
    
-   **File management**: Deletes files after they are processed.
    
-   **Configurable processing**: Allows configuration of the file processing interval.

## Use Cases

### Integrating File-Based Data into RabbitMQ Workflows

**Challenge**: Needing to incorporate data from various file formats into a RabbitMQ message queuing system.

**Solution**: The Generic RabbitMQ Producer connector automates the process of reading files from a directory and sending their contents as messages to a RabbitMQ queue.

**Benefit**: Streamlines the integration of file-based data sources into RabbitMQ workflows, enabling efficient message processing and distribution.

### Automating Data Transfer from Legacy Systems

**Challenge**: Transferring data from legacy systems that output data as files to a modern messaging system.

**Solution**: By monitoring a designated directory, the connector can automatically capture files generated by legacy systems and publish their data to RabbitMQ.

**Benefit**: Provides a simple way to connect legacy systems to RabbitMQ, facilitating data migration and system modernization.

## Technical Reference

### Prerequisites

-   **DataMiner version 10.3 or higher** is required for compatibility with the Generic RabbitMQ Producer connector.

-   **RabbitMQ Username and Password**:  Required for RabbitMQ authentication.
    
-   **IP Address and Port**: Needed to connect to the RabbitMQ server.
    
-   **Queue Name and Virtual Host**:  Necessary to specify the target queue on the RabbitMQ server.
    
-   **Import Directory Path and Type**: Specifies the location of the files to be processed (local or remote).
    
-   **System Username and Password**: Required if the import directory is remote. 

> [!NOTE]
> For detailed technical information, refer to our [technical documentation](xref:Connector_help_Generic_RabbitMQ_Producer).