---
uid: Connector_help_Haivision_Manager
---

# Haivision Manager

The Haivision Manager connector facilitates integration with Haivision's video streaming and media management solutions. 
It allows users to monitor, control, and automate workflows involving Haivision devices and services. 
The data source provides information about video streams, device health, and configuration settings, enabling efficient media management in broadcast, corporate, and live event environments. 
This integration ensures centralized access to critical operational data, streamlining video delivery processes.

## About

### Version Info

|Range              |Features  |Based on  |System Impact  |
|-------------------|----------|----------|---------------|
|1.0.0.x [SLC Main] |-         |-         |-              |

### Product Info


|Range    |Supported Firmware  |
|---------|--------------------|
|1.0.0.x  |4.1.0               |

### System Info

|Range    |DCF Integration  |Cassandra Compliant  |Linked Components  |Exported Components   |
|---------|-----------------|---------------------|-------------------|----------------------|
|1.0.0.x  |No               |No                   |-                  |                      |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### HTTP Connection

This connector uses an HTTP connection and requires the following input during element creation:

HTTP CONNECTION:

  - **IP address/host**: [The polling IP or URL of the destination.]
  - **IP port**: [The IP port of the destination.]


### Initialization

Additional configuration is necessary for a newly created Haivision Manager element. 
Specifically, an API key must be configured to enable communication with the Haivision data source. This key allows the connector to authenticate requests and access the required information from the Haivision system. 
Ensure the API key is obtained from your Haivision platform and entered in the appropriate parameter field in the element configuration.

## How to use

In this section, provide a more detailed description of **how the connector functions**.

Also specify the **communication method**. Example: "SOAP calls are used to retrieve the device information. SNMP traps can be retrieved when this is enabled on the device."

It must be clearly mentioned in case no data traffic will be seen in the **Stream Viewer**.

Note:

- In case of a parent connector (e.g. DVE), mention that it exports connectors. Example: "This connector will export different connectors based on the retrieved data. A list can be found under 'Exported Components'.
- In case of a child connector (e.g. DVE), refer to the parent connector. Example: "This connector is automatically generated by connector ZZZZZZ range A.B.C.X"

Make sure you always specify something in this section, keeping in mind what users may be looking for when they consult the help page. This should **not** be just an enumeration of the different pages and parameters, because users can see that just by looking at the element. Instead, the focus must be on what users can/should do with the connector. To figure out what should be included, these questions can help you:

- Which information is the most important for the users and where can they find it?
- Are there any parameters of which the purpose isn't obvious?
- If the connector allows configuration, which settings are the most important?
- Are there any potential problems that users should watch out for?

### Examples

*On the **General** page of this connector, you can configure the API Key to enable communication with the device*.

*The **Outputs** page contains three tables - SDI, NDI and IP Outputs. Each table has a context menu with two options: Play Stream and Stop Stream, where you can manage live stream from a connected field-unit.*
