---
uid: Connector_help_IEC_60870_5-104
---

# IEC 60870 5-104

## About

The International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) defines 60870 standards for telecontrol (supervisory control and data acquisition) in electric engineering and power system automation applications. The **IEC 60870 5-104** protocol provides a communication profile for sending basic telecontrol messages between two systems in electrical engineering and power system automation.

IEC 104 provides the network access to IEC 60870 5-101 using standard transport profiles, delivering IEC 101 messages as application data over TCP, port 2404. It enables communication between a control station (master) and a substation (slave) via a standard TCP/IP network. Communication is based on the client-server model.

DataMiner acts as a master whereas the Remote Terminal Unit (RTU) is the slave. The RTU has an internal Programmable Logic Controller (PLC) with digital and analog IO used to monitor telecom or transmission centers. Among others, energy metrics such as oil pressure and temperature, or access metrics such as control mode, control VCC, etc., can be monitored and controlled.

## Key Features

- **Import endpoints and parameters**: Easily import endpoints and parameters from CSV or Excel files, or use an Automation script to ingest data from databases, proprietary file formats, or other external sources.
- **Monitor multiple endpoints and export them as DVEs**: Monitor all configured endpoints and their parameters, and select which endpoints to export as DVEs for visualization, grouping, or downstream automation.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The [IEC 60870 5-104 Import Script](https://catalog.dataminer.services/details/756cb46f-a5e7-43e0-90fe-a8e6095f069f) can be used as a template to ingest data from databases, files, or other external sources.

## Use Case

- **Challenge**: Managing large numbers of RTUs across production networks and keeping visibility into their many IOAs from a central operations view.
- **Solution**: The connector implements IEC 60870-5-104 standards to monitor and control RTUs and their Information Object Addresses (IOAs). It centralizes management of RTUs within DataMiner, and allows the exporting of selected RTUs as DVEs for visualization, grouping, or downstream automation.
- **Benefit**: A centralized framework to monitor and control RTUs, reducing operational overhead and improving situational awareness.

## Technical info

### Prerequisites

- **DataMiner version 10.3 or higher** is required for compatibility with the IEC 60870 5-104 connector.

> [!NOTE]
> For in-depth information on configuring and using the IEC 60870 5-104 connector, refer to the [technical help page](xref:Connector_help_IEC_60870_5-104_Technical).
