---
uid: Connector_help_Measat_VSAT_Broadband_Management
---

# Measat VSAT Broadband Management

The Measat VSAT Broadband Management driver is a custom connector for Measat that retrieves data from an NMS and displays it to be ingested by Measat's Low Code App and Dashboard.
List of NMS that are available to be used:
iDirect

## About

### Version Info

|Range  |Features  |Based on  |System Impact  |
|---------|---------|---------|---------|
|1.0.0.x [SLC Main]     |<ul><li>Initial version</li></ul>         |-         |-         |

### Product Info

|Range  |Supported Firmware  |
|---------|---------|
|1.0.0.x     |4.3.1.1        |

### System Info

|Range  |DCF Integration  |Cassandra Compliant  |Linked Components  |Exported Components   |
|---------|---------|---------|---------|---------|
|1.0.0.x    |No       |Yes         |-         |   |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### Virtual Connection - Main

This connector uses a virtual connection and does not require any input during element creation.

### Initialization

To use this connector, the credentials for the Config and Archive databases need to be configured on the General page. 
The first archive database queries the state_change_log table to update the net modem statuses. 
The second archive database queries the nms_group_qos_changes table to update the Group QOS and congestion data.

### Redundancy

There is no redundancy defined.

## How to use

In this section, provide a more detailed description of **how the connector functions**.

Also specify the **communication method**. Example: "SOAP calls are used to retrieve the device information. SNMP traps can be retrieved when this is enabled on the device."

It must be clearly mentioned in case no data traffic will be seen in the **Stream Viewer**.

Note:

- In case of a parent connector (e.g. DVE), mention that it exports connectors. Example: "This connector will export different connectors based on the retrieved data. A list can be found under 'Exported Components'.
- In case of a child connector (e.g. DVE), refer to the parent connector. Example: "This connector is automatically generated by connector ZZZZZZ range A.B.C.X"

Make sure you always specify something in this section, keeping in mind what users may be looking for when they consult the help page. This should **not** be just an enumeration of the different pages and parameters, because users can see that just by looking at the element. Instead, the focus must be on what users can/should do with the connector. To figure out what should be included, these questions can help you:

- Which information is the most important for the users and where can they find it?
- Are there any parameters of which the purpose isn't obvious?
- If the connector allows configuration, which settings are the most important?
- Are there any potential problems that users should watch out for?

On the **General** page of this connector, you can configure the settings of the IP address for the config and archive databases.

On the **Site Counts** page of this connector, you can view the networks in the West Malaysia and East Malaysia tables and the online and offline sites for each network. The overall site count is also present here for both the West Malaysia and East Malaysia gateways.

On the **Site Count Configuration** subpage, you can set the allowable sites for all of the networks in either West or East Malaysia at once and also set the alarm threshold for the Status of the networks.

On the **Networks** subpage, you can view the net modems and networks that are present and the current statuses.

On the **Congestion** page of this connector, you can view the Group QOS congestion status for both East and East Malaysia. The congestion is based on the Upstream and Downstream Free Bandwidth and the percentage of Free Bandwidth remaining.

On the **Congestion Configuration** subpage, you can set the threshold for when a Group QOS would be considered congested.

On the **Group QOS** subpage, you can view the Group QOS that are being polled including the Mesh Bandwidth and Multicast QOS.

### Notes

This connector is part of the package VSAT Broadband Manager, which also comes with Low Code Apps, Dashboards and Automation Scripts.