---
uid: Connector_help_Skyline_Dependency_Checker
---

# Skyline Dependency Checker

This connector aims to scan either npm and NuGet projects for vulnerable/outdated/deprecated dependencies.

## About

### Version Info

|Range  |Features  |Based on  |System Impact  |
|---------|---------|---------|---------|
|1.0.0.x [SLC Main]     |-         |-         |-         |

### System Info

|Range  |DCF Integration  |Cassandra Compliant  |Linked Components  |Exported Components   |
|---------|---------|---------|---------|---------|
|1.0.0.x    |No       |Yes         |-         |-   |

## Configuration

### Connections

#### Virtual Connection - Main

This connector uses a virtual connection and does not require any input during element creation.

### Initialization

Indicate if additional configuration of parameters is necessary in a newly created element.

### Redundancy

There is no redundancy defined.

## How to use

In this section, provide a more detailed description of **how the connector functions**.

Also specify the **communication method**. Example: "SOAP calls are used to retrieve the device information. SNMP traps can be retrieved when this is enabled on the device."

It must be clearly mentioned in case no data traffic will be seen in the **Stream Viewer**.

Note:

- In case of a parent connector (e.g. DVE), mention that it exports connectors. Example: "This connector will export different connectors based on the retrieved data. A list can be found under 'Exported Components'.
- In case of a child connector (e.g. DVE), refer to the parent connector. Example: "This connector is automatically generated by connector ZZZZZZ range A.B.C.X"

Make sure you always specify something in this section, keeping in mind what users may be looking for when they consult the help page. This should **not** be just an enumeration of the different pages and parameters, because users can see that just by looking at the element. Instead, the focus must be on what users can/should do with the connector. To figure out what should be included, these questions can help you:

- Which information is the most important for the users and where can they find it?
- Are there any parameters of which the purpose isn't obvious?
- If the connector allows configuration, which settings are the most important?
- Are there any potential problems that users should watch out for?

### Examples

For a really simple connector that contains only one "General" page with a couple of read-only parameters, you can write something like this:

*You can find all the information you need to monitor [the data source in question] on the General data page.*

For a relatively simple connector with a couple of pages, you can mention the most important pages and what their purpose is. For example:

*On the **General** page of this connector, you can configure the username and password to access the device.*

*The **Instance Settings** page contains basic information about the existing instances, as well as specific logs for every instance. This page has multiple subpages, which can among others be used to add new instances or edit existing ones.*

If you need to add more than just a couple of lines of text because the connector is quite complicated or you need to go into a lot of detail for some of the features, use **subtitles** (using the same format as the "Examples" subtitle above: Heading 3 with Accent 1) to create structure in your text. These subtitles can either reflect the different pages you want to discuss, or the different topics, e.g. General settings, Import and export, Logging.


## Notes

In this section, you can provide additional information about the connector that does not fit in the other sections. Remove this section if it does not contain any info.
