---
uid: Connector_help_Telestream_Argus_Probe_-_IQDialogue_Probe
---

# Telestream Argus Probe - IQDialogue Probe

With this connector, you can monitor video content streamed using adaptive bitrate technologies, both VoD and linear/live. This solution can passively monitor all video traffic over a multi-Gbps links. It provides publishing/origin and trans-network verification with both passive and active monitoring techniques. IQDialogue checks if content is available at caching sites and quickly notifies users of packaging errors, stale manifests, missing media chunks, and HTTP errors that could impact the viewer experience. Telestream's proprietary VeriStream metric (VS score) shows the QoS status for each video chunk of each stream.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector **Telestream Argus Probe**.

## About

### Product Info

| Range     | Supported Firmware     |
|-----------|------------------------|
| 1.0.0.x   | -             |

## Configuration

This connector is used by DVEs that are **automatically created** by the parent element. No user input is required.

## Usage - Range 1.0.0.x

### Probe

Generic probe information is available such as **IP** and **MAC** **Address**, **Type**, **Location**, **Status**, and **Device Status**.

The IQD-specific parameters are **HTTP 4xxx** and **HTTP 5xxx Stream Count**.

The **System, Program and Transport Alarm Table** will be filtered for each probe element based on the probe link. This way you will only see relevant information in each DVE.