---
uid: Connector_help_WISI_Tangram_GT34
---

# WISI Tangram GT34

## About

The **WISI Tangram GT34** connector is used to monitor and control the Tangram GT 34 W module. The GT 34 W module can be used for multiplexing/remultiplexing MPTS ↔ SPTS streams and scrambling of content.

This connector is automatically generated by the connector WISI Tangram, range 1.2.0.x.

### Product Info

| Range   | Supported Firmware Version |
|---------|----------------------------|
| 1.2.0.x | 3.5.2                      |

## Configuration

This connector is used by DVE child elements that are **automatically created** by the connector [WISI Tangram](xref:Connector_help_WISI_Tangram).

## How to Use

### General

This page contains general information, such as the **DVE Name**, **Type**, **HW Version**, and **Communication Status**, which displays if the module is *Ok* or in *Timeout*, or if the wrong IP address is configured.

### Input/Output

Every supported module type of the Tangram has an **Input** and **Output** table.

### Networking

This page contains the settings for the management interfaces for the GT11. All IP traffic for GT11 management occurs via the Management port.

### SNMP

This page allows you to manage the SNMP settings.

### HMS

On this page, you can manage groups of modules. Modules included in the same group can share PSI/SI information to be able to create correct DVB network-wide PSI/SI structure.

### Logging

This page displays log information.

### Webpage

This page displays the web interface of the device. Note that the client machine has to be able to access the device, as otherwise it will not be possible to open the web interface.
